president trump 's approval rating has fallen to a new low of 37 percent since he took office in January , according to the latest gallup poll

trump 's approval rating falls <UNK> percent

president trump 's approval rating hit a new low 37 percent since he took office in January , according to the latest gallup poll. 

trump 's approval rating hits new low

southeast asian countries expressed confidence tuesday that their tsunami-hit tourism industries will return to normal , but pleaded with western governments not to warn citizens against travel to disaster-hit areas . in the aftermath of the dec . 26 indian ocean tsunami , many european governments , such as denmark , norway and sweden , issued advisories to their citizens not to travel to devastated areas in indonesia , india , sri lanka , thailand and the maldives .

southeast asian countries express confidence on tourism

bosnia 's vice-president ejup ganic rejected on sunday the idea of a new international peace conference for bosnia which has been suggested by un secretary general boutros boutros-ghali in a german magazine interview . " boutros boutros-ghali forgets that the international community made a plan , the contact group peace plan , made after long negotiations , " ganic said on bosnian state television . he was referring to a peace plan drawn up by the so-called " contact group " comprising britain , france and germany , russia and the united states .

ganic rules out new international peace conference


the bizarre saga of president donald trump 's claims that he was wiretapped by president barack obama last year reaches a dramatic climax monday with FPI director james comey 's testimony to the house intelligence committee

donald trump claims he was <UNK>


North Korea marked the final day of US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's Asia visit Sunday by claiming to have tested a new type of rocket engine, underlining the country's defiance of recent calls for calm on the Korean Peninsula .

urgent north korea marks final day of us visit


ride services company uber technologies has been deeper into turmoil with the departure of company president jeff jones , a marketing expert hired to help soften its often abrasive image .

<UNK> technologies deeper into turmoil


dollar trades at upper 96 yen level in tokyo tokyo , nov . 19 ( xinhua ) -- the usa dollar traded within the upper 96 yen range wednesday in tokyo . at 5 pm.

dollar trades at upper 19 yen level in tokyo


FBI Director James B. Comey acknowledged Monday that his agency is conducting an investigation into possible coordination between the Kremlin and the Trump campaign in a counterintelligence probe that could reach all the way to the White House and may last for months .

urgent fbi chief <UNK> probe into <UNK> probe


Though Ivanka Trump lacks a formal White House job , the president ’s older daughter is moving into her own West Wing office , an administration spokesperson said -- a move that increases her profile as an influential , though unofficial , adviser to her father .

 trump says he is moving into own west wing office